The Shore River Planetarium

What is a Planetarium?

A planetarium is a building with a domed ceiling that uses special projection equipment to reproduce images of the night sky. A planetarium offers the visitor a theatre-like experience in that the room itself is dark, and the "show" is narrated usually by a famous actor or actress. Each season, the planetarium offers different shows based upon the night sky of that particular season.

Shows run for a period of about three months and are not repeated after that. If you've been to the planetarium more than three months ago, there's a new, never-been-seen show waiting for you. Of course, there's no harm in seeing the same show more than once, as many people do. Most shows are about 42 minutes long, which allows time for exit and entry between shows. Shows start on the hour every hour the planetarium is open. The planetarium is not only a place to enjoy a show about the stars, but it's also a place to experience what the stars are about. A visit to the planetarium is interesting, educational, and fun.

Group Rates and Admission
Regular admission is $10 for adults and $7 for children under 12. There are discounted admission plans for public and private schools and colleges. Discounted admission is for groups of 20 or more for shows Monday through Thursday. Reservations must be made at least 60 days in advance. Group rates do not apply on weekends. In addition, there are some dates when group rates do not apply, such as all Federal and State holidays. There is separate admission charge for both the IMAX theatre, and for the StarTours virtual reality ride. Admission to those events is discounted for students only and only for shows during the hours of 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. You must be 12 or older to take the StarTours virtual reality ride.

Chaperone Policy
The planetarium requires a chaperone rate of 1:5 for grades 1-8; 1:10 for grades 9-12. Chaperones (including teachers) receive free museum admission. Chaperones must accompany students at all times. We have separate bathroom facilities for school groups. We also have separate dining facilities for school groups. Educators may visit the planetarium Monday through Thursday and speak with a planning representative, who will give you detailed information about how to plan your trip to the planetarium. There is no admission charge or fees of any kind for these planning visits.

The Planetarium for Adults
The planetarium is not just a learning, fun experience for children. Adults will enjoy many of the other features we have at the Shore River Planetarium. Our Moonbeam Restaurant is open from 6 p.m. till 12 midnight. The Moonbeam offers the best of fine dining. The Galaxy Coffee Bar is located above the Moonbeam Restaurant. The Galaxy serves coffee, tea, juice, salads, and our universally-famous desserts. The Comet's Tail Food Court is open at all times while the Planetarium is open.

The StarStruck nightclub is open for dancing from 9:30 p.m. till 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday nights. There is a separate admission to the StarStruck night club. The IMAX theatre shows first-run movies on a 3-story tall movie screen. There is a separate admission charge for the IMAX theatre. Adults can purchase a Night on the Stars package, which includes a one-price discounted admission to all ticketed events: the planetarium show, the StarTours reality ride, the StarStruck night club, and the IMAX theatre.

Shore River Planetarium &middot; 45 River Drive &middot; East Landing, SC
